Translated "Input" (nb) to "Input" (en) (#564)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/design/guidelines/components/input/_index.en.md

    }      
}
```
#### Long input

> Can be used for collecting information like name, e-mail adresse or a URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be used for collecting information like name, e-mail address or a URL
```

---

## Large textfields

> Large textfields are used when the user has to fill inn a longer explanation. Large textfields follow the same guidelines as inputfields. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Large text fields are used when the user has to fill in a longer explanation. Large text fields follow the same guidelines as input fields. 
```

### Example of usage:

{{% figma-example src="https://www.figma.com/embed?embed_host=share&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.figma.com%2Ffile%2FwnBveAG2ikUspFsQwM3GNE%2FPrototyping-av-skjematjenester%3Fnode-id%3D3495%253A656" %}}

---

## Adress 

> For addresses there is a rigid setup where postnr and postage place are on the same line, below the address input line. Postage place is filled automatically based on postnr-input. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For addresses, there is a rigid setup where the post number and postage place is on the same line, below the address input line. Postage place is filled automatically based on post-number-input. 
```
